The episode starts with Suguha Kirigaya reading the disclaimer.
Suguha	The following is a fan-based parody. Sword Art Online is owned by A-1 Pictures, Aniplex USA and Reki Kawahara. Please support the official release. Access the full value of your streaming services through location changing with ExpressVPN. Find out how you can get 3 months free by using our link in the description below.
The episode properly opens with Kirito and Leafa arriving at the front gate of Arun.
Leafa	See? Didn't I tell ya I'd get you here? Welcome to Arun! Home... of the World Tree!
We then see a shot of the skyline, which is overshadowed by an incredibly gaudy pinwheel.
Leafa	...And ALfheim's largest freestanding pinwheel.
Kirito	Wow. It's beautiful. Really makes ya appreciate the scale of... just how incredibly boned I am.
Leafa	Aw, buck up there, champ. We've had a long day of diplomacy and light treason. Why don't you just... take a step back and enjoy the moment for a sec?
Kirito	*Sighs* I guess it is a pretty spectacular view.
Yui menacingly slides into frame.
Yui	*High pitched* Heeeyyyy. You know who else would really enjoy this view?
Kirito	Yui. Yui, please. We're trying. We're just resting our feet for a-
Yui	THAT IS CORRECT! MOMMY!!! I find your lackadaisical attitudes most distressing, considering the wedding is in two days and we are, shockingly, still without the manpower to stop it!
Leafa	Cool your jets, Shortstack. We may not have an army, but Arun's the biggest city in the world, AND it's got a pretty kickin' nightlife. I say... we split up... and gather ourselves a posse of the strongest... most bribable guys we can find! We can still get a raid going.
Game Announcer	*Goofy-like voice* Attention, you little rascals!
Leafa	Huh?
Game Announcer	The game'll be shuttin' down from 4am to 3pm for some scheduled maintenance. Once we're back, the following changes will be applied to our recent "Say No to Drugs" update. Terry the Tweaker Tarantula will no longer be handin' out free samples of LSD in the Arun town square. The movement speed bonus from the item "Crystal Meth" has been reduced from 200% to 150%. Magic Mushrooms will no longer allow the user to gaze beyond the veil of our fraudulent reality and caress the glistening abs of God himself. Cigarettes will no longer cause area-of-effect damage-over-time. Weed remains unchanged and awesome.
Leafa
(During the announcement)	*Unsure* ...First thing in the morning?
Yui
(During the announcement)	*Annoyed sigh* I suppose we have no alternative. I shall direct you to the nearest inn. But mark my words, you insufferable gadabout. If we should suffer any further delays due to your tomfoolery, there shall be a reckoning!
Leafa
(During the announcement)	I know this really isn't the time, but I just noticed when you get mad you kinda sound like a teeny tiny prospector.
Yui growls angrily. We hear a crowd of angry citizens screaming and rioting about the announcement.
Kirito	Eh, it's probably for the best. We're all exhausted. We'll wanna be at our freshest if we're gonna take this thing on. Plus...
We see a wide shot of the city in chaos.
Kirito	...kinda seems like we might wanna give it a sec to... air itself out...
The pinwheel lists over and crashes to the ground.
Pinwheel Man	My pinwheel! Oh lord, I'm ruined! Get back, you meth heads! Get!
A meth head hisses.
Leafa	Yeah, that's a good call.
Cut to Opening.
Cut to Kazuto washing his face at a faucet outside. A drowsy Suguha emerges from the house.
Kazuto	Morning, Sugu.
Suguha	*Tired* Morning, cum stain.
Kazuto	*Sarcastically* Hey there, Shakespeare. Save your A material. You've got the whole day ahead of you.
Suguha	*Tired groan* I'm too sleepy for this. Leave me alooonnne.
Kazuto	That's the plan. Just gonna finish washing up and then I'm off to the hospital.
Suguha	Hospital?
Yui
(In Suguha's head)	...nothing can move forward unless one of you takes the first step!
Suguha
(Thinking)	*Annoyed groan* Dammit. She might be right.
Yui
(In Suguha's head )	I am definitely right.
Suguha
(Thinking)	What?!
Yui
(In Suguha's head)	What?
Suguha	Uhhhh... the hospital, you say? *Chuckles* You know, I just had an idea.
Kazuto	*Sarcastically* Whoa, you wanna sit down? I hear the first time can be a little intense.
Suguha glares at Kazuto.
Suguha	Why don't I grace you with my presence this afternoon? Finally get a look at this sister-in-law I've heard oh-so much about.
Kazuto	*Suspiciously* And why would you wanna do that?
Suguha	Whaaattt? Can't a sister be there for her brother in his time of need?
Kazuto	*Sarcastically* Wait, wait, wait! You're my sister? Aw shit, this whole time I thought you were some feral possum mom brought home! This changes everything!
Suguha	Listen, I'm just trying to be nice here, but fine.
Suguha turns away in a huff.
Suguha	If you wanna be a little asshole about it, you go right ahead.
Kazuto dumps cold water down the back of Suguha's shirt. We hear her scream as the scene changes to a wide shot of the neighborhood.
Suguha	SON OF A BITCH!!!
Kazuto	*Laughing maniacally* Serves you ri-
Suguha hits Kazuto with a rock.
Kazuto	*Grunts in pain* Aw, what the fuck, a rock?! Really?!
Suguha	Yeah, you like that?! I'm wide awake now you... cum... stain... *Annoyed groan* DAMMIT!
Cut to Asuna entering the Mind Control Lab. The room is full of terminals representing every trapped player. We hear screams of terror as the brains are experimented on.
Asuna
(Thinking)	Well, well. So, this is where Sugou's been keeping everybody? Cheese and crackers... do you really need a torture terminal for every brain?! That's so inefficient! Just cram 'em all into one, you'd have room for, like, a nice koi pond, maybe a garden, really Feng Shui the place! Golly, I'd be so much better at crime.
The door to the room opens. Asuna gasps and hides as two slug-like creatures, Shoji and Kyle, slither in.
Kyle	Alright, the glitch was coming from this terminal, right?
Shoji	Yeah, that's the one. Hey, man. I've been thinking. You ever wonder why we're slug people?
Kyle	How do you mean?
Shoji	I mean, literally everyone else in this game is a beautiful, majestic fairy, but we're a couple sacks of puss and tentacles.
Kyle	*Sarcastically* Gee, I don't know, man. Trisha's the modeller. You ever think it's because you keep stealing her yogurt?
Shoji	Well, she doesn't label them! How am I supposed to know?!
Kyle	Did you bring yogurt, Shoji?!
Shoji	I hardly see how that's relevant.
Asuna sneaks off.
Cut to Kazuto and Suguha on a bus.
Kazuto	Taking this bit a little far, don't you think?
Suguha	It's not a bit! I really do wanna meet your... wife.
Kazuto	At least stop pausing before you say it!
Suguha	Fine, fine. You're right. So, like... how'd you two crazy kids meet?
Kazuto	In the DEATH GAME!
Suguha	Well, duh! I'm trying to fuckin'... *Annoyed sigh* Dammit... I mean, like... how did you fall in love?
Kazuto	Eh, you know how it goes. Boy meets girl, boy accuses girl of war crimes, boy gets real high, girl yells at boy, boy and girl solve murder, boy and girl watch as murderer is beaten to death, boy stabs ghost.
Suguha	Pfft... nice try. That's just the plot of The Lake House.
Cut back to Asuna scurrying. She spots a floating cube at the end of the room.
Asuna
(Thinking)	Hey, that looks familiar.
We see a flashback of Yui using the Admin Console in Episode 10.
Asuna
(Thinking)	*Gasps* That's my ticket outta here! Can I make it...?
Asuna looks back at the slugs.
Kyle	I explicitly told you I didn't want any part of your Trisha beef, man! And now look at me!
Shoji	Well excuse me for expecting my bro to have my back!
Kyle	She has special dietary needs, dude! It's medicated!
Shoji	That's the best part! It really brings out the raspberry!
Asuna
(Thinking)	Yeah, I got time.
Asuna sprints towards the Admin Console.
Asuna
(Thinking)	Please, for the love of gosh, just let me open this menu!
Asuna swipes the keycard and the console springs to life.
Asuna
(Thinking)	Yes!
Asuna goes through options.
Asuna
(Thinking)	Okay, let's see. Logout button, logout button...
Asuna spots something.
Asuna
(Thinking)	Oh... now that's interesting...
Cut to the slugs.
Kyle	It just... feels like you're always looking for reasons to antagonize her, you know?
Shoji	Well, can you blame me? She just rolls in here every day, up on her high horse.
Kyle	Dude, it's called a wheelchair.
Cut back to Asuna.
Asuna
(Thinking)	*Chuckles* Okay, enough messing around. How the heck do I get outta here?
Asuna finds the logout button.
Asuna
(Thinking)	Ah, here we go! Perfect!
Asuna accidentally presses the Help Desk button. A message reading "Please Hold While We Connect You With The Next Available Representative... Congratulations! You're Next In Line!" pops up.
Asuna	*Whispering* Gah! No, not tha-
A man named Sean answers the phone.
Sean	Hello, technical support? Whaddya want?
Asuna	*Awkwardly* Hiiiii, sorry to bother you. I-I think I hit the wrong button. I'm just tryin' to figure out how to log out all these hosta- TEST SUBJECTS!!! IGNORE ME!!!
Awkward silence.
Sean	Riiight... Well, why don't you just gimme a moment to escalate this to my manager and we'll see what we can do for you here... *Clears throat* One moment please.
Asuna smiles as Sean whispers something to Sugou.
Sugou	WHAT?! NO, YOU CAN'T LET THEM OUT! WHY WOULD YOU EVEN- *Scoffs* YOU ARE SO FIRED!
Sean	*Annoyed sigh* I'm sorry, ma'am. I'm gonna need to transfer your call. Please hold...
We see an ominous shot of the shadow of one of the slug guys creeping towards Asuna's back.
Cut to the hospital.
Kazuto	Alright, we're here. I just want you to know, before we go in, security can be here within fifteen seconds.
Suguha	What the hell do you think I'm gonna do?
Kazuto	I have no idea, and that's what scares me!
Suguha	*Groans* Will you just get in there?!
Kazuto	Fine, fine...
Kazuto swipes his security card and the two enter Asuna's hospital room.
Kazuto	*Unsure* Hey, honey. I... can't believe I'm saying this, but... I'd like to introduce you to my sister, Suguha...
Asuna doesn't move.
Kazuto	No, no. Don't get up.
Suguha	HI, ASUNA! IT'S SOOOO NICE TO MEET YOU! I HEAR YOU'RE DOING MY BROTHER!!!
Kazuto	For god's sake. She's in a coma, not deaf. Not that it'd matter. In all possible scenarios, you are being an asshole.
Suguha	Look, I am TRYING to... *Frustrated sigh* Okay. Fine. Let me try this again. Hi, Asuna. I've heard a lot about you-
Hard cut back to the game. Asuna has been caught and is being held in the air by Shoji.
Asuna	...SPINELESS LITTLE PARASITES! WHEN I GET OUTTA HERE, I AM GONNA WRITE MY FUDGING MEMOIRS IN YOUR MOTHERS' BLOOD!!!
Shoji	*Panicked* Kyle! Kyle! What do we do?! I can already feel my grip slipping!
Kyle	*Panicked* Alright! Alright! Everything's gonna be fine! I have a plan!
Shoji	*Panicked* Okay, l-l-lay it on me!
Kyle	I'm gonna go...
Shoji	*Panicked*I HATE THIS PLAN!!!
Kyle	No, no, it's fine! I-I'm just gonna go get the boss! He'll know how to deal with...
Asuna makes feral growling noises as she squirms in the air.
Kyle	...all of... this.
Shoji	*Panicked*No! Kyle, no! Don't you dare! Don't you leave me with her!
Kyle	You got this!
Kyle logs out. There is an awkward silence as Asuna stops squirming.
Asuna	Heeeyyyy, Shojiii...
Shoji whimpers.
Cut back to the hospital. Kazuto and Suguha are at Asuna's bedside.
Suguha	She seems so gentle. Like an angel.
Kazuto	*Sadly* Heh, yeah. Lucifer, maybe...
Awkward silence.
Suguha	Um... Imma go put some water in these.
Suguha refills the flowers' vase.
Suguha	So, like, what do you get out of this? Are you hoping she'll be all grateful you didn't leave her while she was under? *Laughing awkwardly* Cuz right now she does not seem like a lot of fun at parties...
Suguha comes around the corner to see Kazuto sadly holding Asuna's hand.
Suguha	Uh... S-Sorry. *Chuckling sadly* God, I'm the worst...
Suguha sadly clenches the vase.
Cut back to the game.
Asuna	Heeeeyyyy, looks like those new eyes are comin' in nice. What color you think you'll get next time?
Shoji	My therapist says that the only power you have over me is what I give you! D-Do your worst! None of this is real!
Asuna	Well, you got me there, bud. Let me just say, it is so great to see a friend making such brave strides in their mental health journey. But, uh... tell me... can the same be said for Biscuit?
Shoji	*Terrified* How the fudge do you know about my dog?
Asuna	Oh, don't you worry about that. After all... the way I see it... you've got yourself a choice to make. You see, you can either let me go... or I break out... *Demonic* and I eat... that... biscuit.
Shoji	*Panicked* Oh no!
Asuna	Clock's tickin', Shoji. *Demonic* Nom nom.
Shoji	*Panicked* Yeah! Yeah! Y-Yeah, whatever you want! I'm putting you down, see?! *Awkward chuckle* See...?!
Shoji starts putting Asuna down just as Kyle logs back in.
Kyle	Sorry, man. The boss is way too busy moving up the- Whoa! Are you letting her go?! She'll kill us all!!!
Shoji	Huh?! O-Oh! No, I-I-I was just...
Asuna stares at Shoji.
Asuna	*Whispering* Nooommm nooommm...
Shoji	...molesting... her.
Kyle	What?! Dude, what the heck is wrong with you?!
Shoji	Y-Yeah... I, uh... heh... I couldn't... help myself. *Trying to hide sadness* Just had to give her a-a taste of that... sweeeeet... purp, you know?
While Shoji and Kyle are arguing, Asuna subtly looks to the key card. We hear her steal it off-screen.
Kyle	*Groans in disgust* That's disgusting! You know I'm gonna have to report this?! You're gonna be on a list!
Shoji	*Trying to hide sadness* Yeah, that's fair... I'm such a dirty... dirty boy...
Shoji puts Asuna on his back and the two drag her away.
Kyle	I thought I knew you. Consider yourself uninvited to my son's christening!
Cut to Leafa waking up in an inn.
Leafa	Wow... Seems to... really care about her...
Leafa sits up in her bed, staring down at the ground sadly. Kirito logs in.
Kirito	Morning, Princess. How's it going?
Leafa	*Sobbing* I... I... I don't knoooooowwwwww!
Leafa bursts into tears. Kirito looks shocked.
Kirito	Oh no. Not again.
Leafa	*Sobbing* So, there's this guy... and I thought he was the problem... but now he might actually be nice! Which means maybe I'm the problem! I don't wanna be the problem!!!
Leafa continues to cry.
Kirito	Oh! Uh... Okay. Uh...
Kirito sits down next to Leafa and pats her head.
Kirito	Hey, hey... Listen here... I don't have time for this.
Leafa	*Sobbing* D-Dafuh?
Kirito	Yeeeaaahhh. See, we're still basically strangers here, and I gotta tell ya... I am all kinds of uncomfortable right now. Could you maybe just, like... bottle this mess up until my wife is freed and... I'm at a safe distance?
Leafa's eyes well up and she collapses onto Kirito's shoulder.
Leafa	*Incomprehensibly sobbing* Whatthefudgeiswrongwithyou! You'retheworstbrotherever!
Kirito	Yeah. Yeah, no. That's rough.
Leafa continues to cry.
Kirito	*Sighs* Sorry... I, uh, won't pretend to know what you're going through, but... you just... take all the time you need... *Clears throat* I-I guess.
Time passes.
Leafa	*Sighs* Sorry for that, but I'm good now. Totally fine. Hundo percent cool. So, let's get moving, okay?
Kirito	Huh? Oh, uh, yeah. If you're sure...
Yui	GO ALREADY!!!
Kirito and Leafa make startled noises.
Cut to the city streets, which are full of players of different races mingling with each other.
Kirito	Wow. The update really cleaned this place up. Such a nice change of pace to see everyone getting along. So why am I so on-edge...?
Kirito and Leafa walk by Terry the Tweaker Tarantula, who is holding a sign that says "Hugs Not Drugs".
Leafa	I know what you mean. This place always gives me the creeps.
Leafa sees a Gnome and Pooka couple.
Leafa	Pick a side, you fence sitters! Y'all are sick! *Overly dramatically* You're living in sin!
Kirito	Ah, back in character, I see. I missed it ever so.
Leafa	Character?
Kirito and Leafa walk through an arch towards the World Tree. Yui pops out of Kirito's pocket.
Yui	Oh no!
Kirito	Huh?
Yui	Daddy, Sugou just updated his Facebook status! He has moved up the wedding to tonight!
Kirito	What?!
Leafa	You can't be serious! What kind of maniac still uses Facebook?!
Cut to Sugou in Asuna's hospital room with a bluetooth earpiece.
Sugou	No, you listen, Francois! It's five tiers, and they go chocolate, vanilla, chocolate, foie gras... Stop crying, I'm not done!
Cut back to the game.
Yui	I just did another scan! I am sensing mommy's player ID directly above us! Go, go, go!
Kirito	*Stammers* Right!
Kirito flies into the sky. Leafa follows soon after.
Leafa	Uh, you guys?! I think you're forgetting about the-
Kirito slams into an invisible wall.
Leafa	...invisible... wall.
Cut to Asuna with her head down on the table, listening to Sugou on the phone, letting out a long groan as he talks.
Sugou	Darling, I just arrived at the venue, and I have to tell you, it is, in a word... breath-taking. *Moans with delight* Everything is going to be perfect for my big day. I-I mean our big day. No. You know what? *Sniffles* I stand by it. I've earned this.
Asuna suddenly sits up when she hears Kirito slamming against the invisible wall.
Asuna
(As Sugou's talking)	Hmm...?
Asuna looks around confused.
Kirito	ASUNA!!!
Asuna bolts out of her chair.
Asuna	*Gasps* Kirito?!
Sugou	What's that sound, my dear? Is something wrong? Should I come over?
Asuna	No! No. That was me. I hit the table. By accident. Repeatedly...
Asuna runs to the edge of the cage.
Asuna	I'm just so excited! *Stammers* I'm- I'm looking at these photos they brought over of my wedding dress. Red and black was such a bold choice. Well done... honey...?
Sugou	Red and black?! What is this?! A whore's funeral?! Oh, I need to go take care of this immediately. Talk to you soon, sweetie. Kisses. Mwah, mwah, mwah.
Sugou hangs up.
Asuna	Kirito?! Kirito, is that you?! What the heck are you doing?! It's a WAAAALLLLLLLL!
Cut back to Kirito punching the invisible wall repeatedly.
Leafa	Kirito. Buddy. What are we trying to do here?
Kirito	*Exasperated* I am trying to see if... hitting it at just the right angle... will glitch me through! If it's good enough for Mario Kart, it's good enough for me!
Kirito punches the wall again.
Leafa	Kid, why aren't you stopping this?
Yui	Though improbable, his logic is sound.
Leafa	But he's just gonna end up hurting himself!
Yui	That is a risk I am willing to take. Try 45 degrees left, Daddy!
Kirito	*Weakly* Adjusting now...
Kirito punches the wall again. Something sparkles from World Tree.
Kirito	*Stammers* Huh...?
The key card descends into Kirito's hands. He looks at it and sees there is a message scrawled on it that says, "USE THE DOOR, IDIOT! ♡".
Kirito	It's a message from Asuna!
Yui	She is okay!
Kirito	But... what's it written on?
Yui flies over and examines the card.
Yui	Hmm... *Gasps* This is a system admin access code! If we can get to the right console, we can use this to log out mommy!
Kirito	Are you serious?! T-That's amazing! We've gotta get moving!
Leafa	Wait, but what about the plan? We still need a ton of guys if we're gonna stand a chance of getting through that place!
Kirito	There's no time! They could notice this is missing and change the code any second! We're just gonna have to rush through and hope for the best!
Leafa	That'll never work! You're being an idiot!
Kirito starts to descend.
Kirito	Probably! But you know what they say! Foooooooollllllllssss Ruuussshhh IIIInnnn!
Leafa	That was a terrible movie!
Cut to a Gnome and Pooka couple talking.
Pooka Girl	*Deep male voice* I don't mean to brag, but... *Suggestively* I'm deathly allergic to the latex...
Kirito comes crashing to the ground screaming behind them, startling everyone, before flying off.
Yui	Daddy, I do not wish to alarm you, but it appears that Leafa is no longer following us.
Kirito continues flying through the streets.
Yui	Daddy?
Cut to Kirito at the gates of the World Tree, which are guarded by two statues that cross their swords over them.
Statue 1	Greetings, brave warrior. Welcome to the World Tree, gateway to the Realm of the Gods.
Statue 2	Only those with a noble heart and a keen mind may enter.
Statue 1	If thou believeth thyself worthy of passage, then breath deep, and proclaim... thy... GLORY!!!
A text window pops up in front of Kirito.
Kirito	Huh...?
We see the window says, "Press O to proclaim thy glory." Kirito presses the button. The statues uncross their swords.
Statue 2	WELL SAID, YOUNG ADVENTURER! Now... GO FORTH... AND MAY THE GODS... SMILE UPON THEE!!!
The gates slowly open. Kirito takes a moment before steeling himself and walking through. Kirito finds himself in a dark room, trying to make out his surroundings.
Kirito	Hmm...
The lights come on. Kirito flinches at the brightness as his eyes adjust. We see that there is nothing in the room.
Kirito	Wait... is this it? Are you kidding me? Is the final Dungeon... of this gosh-forsaken game... seriously just a giant empty TUBE?! *Groans* Suppose I should at least commend them for creating a speedrunner's wet dream. Let's do this!
Kirito flies up but stops when he sees an army of Guardian Knights spawning ahead of him.
Kirito	*Sarcastically* Oh my. I stand corrected. It's not empty. It's clearly filled with these very dangerous-
Guardian Knight 1	Roger, roger.
Kirito is dumbfounded.
Kirito	Oh, come on, Sugou! Who didn't you steal from?!
Kirito flies forward and kills a Guardian Knight, causing the rest to descend on him.
Guardian Knights	Roger, roger.
Kirito	*Sarcastically* Golly gee! If only I had an army of offensive racial stereotypes with which to combat you, but I think that'd be just a little too appropriate for this game!
One Guardian Knight tries to sneak up on Kirito.
Guardian Knight 2
(As Kirito's talking)	Roger, roger. You're under arrest.
Kirito clashes with the Guardian Knight. It tries to flee, but Kirito chases after it and decapitates it. Kirito flies upwards, stabbing a Guardian knight in the chest.
Guardian Knight 3	Uh oh.
Kirito turns around and decapitates another Guardian Knight, only to have yet another one clash swords with him.
Kirito	*Groans* Alright, you've had your fun, but you droids really need to GET OUT OF MY WAY!!!
Kirito kills the Guardian Knight and heads straight for the doors at the top of the chamber, defeating some more Guardian Knights as he goes.
Guardian Knight 4	You're under arrest.
Guardian Knight 5	Roger, roger.
Kirito	I'm almost there... ASUNA!!!
Kirito stretches out his hand, which is immediately hit with an arrow. He pulls it back in surprise...
Kirito	*Gasps* Oh no...
Kirito looks down to see thousands of Guardian Knights aiming bows at him.
Kirito	No, no! No, no, no!
Kirito flies away but is shot with more arrows.
Kirito	No! Not now! Not when I'm so close!
Kirito gets impaled through the chest by a sword.
Kirito	*Weakly* Alright... which of you wise guys threw a-
Kirito gets skewered by four more swords. Kirito weakly tries to push through to the end but is clearly about to die.
Kirito	*Groans in frustration* Do you glorified trash mobs... really think this'll be enough... TO STOP MEEEEEEEE?!!!
Kirito sees a message saying "You Died", with the same font and sounds as Dark Souls, before his body fades into a Remain Light. The swords and arrows that empaled him come crashing to the ground.
Kirito wakes up dead, seeing the respawn timer ticking down, as his Remain Light floats in the air. The Guardian Knights start heading back to their spawn locations.
Kirito
(Thinking)	Well... this is just... perfect!
We see a flashback of times when Kirito defeated some Bosses in SAO.
Kirito
(Thinking)	I don't get it! I would have been able to do this before. But hey, what else is new? Things were so much better back in...
Kirito gasps as he comes to his senses. We see Kirito's ghost overlapping his Remain Light.
Kirito
(Thinking)	*Groans* Am I seriously getting nostalgic for the flippin' death game?! The heck is wrong with me?!
We see a flashback of some more battles.
Kirito
(Thinking)	What, can I not be happy unless the whole world rests on my emaciated shoulders? You think you're a big shot?! You think you don't have asthma?! Well, I got a reality check for you, nerdo! You're just a kid who's good at video games, and that was useful exactly ONCE!
We see a flashback of some nice moments Kirito he had with his friends from SAO, which ends with the shot of Castle Aincrad crumbling.
Kirito
(Thinking)	There was only one place on Earth where you had the social leverage to make anyone like you, and it's GONE!
Fade back to Kirito's ghost floating.
Kirito
(Thinking)	They're... gone... Face it. What's the real world got to offer? Asuna's slipping away, Tiff's got a family to look after. Who does that leave me with? Suguha? Pfft! Fat chance...
We see a flashback of Kazuto and Suguha's trip to the hospital.
Kirito
(Thinking)	Well... actually... I guess she did come to the hospital with me... and she didn't even try to pull anything. That was weird... but... nice.
Fade back to Kirito's ghost floating.
Kirito
(Thinking)	Reminds me of when we were little.
Kirito chuckles and sighs.
Kirito
(Thinking)	We'll probably never have each other's backs like that again...
Leafa	Wellity, wellity, wellity!
Kirito turns around and gasps. He sees Leafa flying in to rescue him.
Leafa	Look who needs their Princess to come and save them! Who's surprised?
The Guardian Knights descend on Leafa, who dodges and deflects their attacks.
Kirito	Leafa!
Leafa	No, you! You're surprised, you moron!
Kirito	That's not what I- ...You know what? Honestly, I'm just glad you're here.
Leafa grabs Kirito's Remain Light.
Leafa	Yeah, no thanks to you! I told you, you wouldn't survive five minutes without-
The Guardian Knights start shooting Leafa, one of them hits her.
Leafa	*Screams* Oh my gosh!
Leafa plummets to the ground, dodging the barrage, but a few still manage to hit her.
Leafa	Ow! Ow, ow, ow! Ow! Ow!
Two Guardian Knights attack Leafa. She dodged one of them but the other manages to hit her and she comes crashing to the ground.
Leafa	*Groans in pain* Right in my cake.
Kirito	Why are you thinking about dessert at a time like this?! Move your ash!
Leafa	What do you think I've been trying to-
More arrows come flying from the sky. Leafa flies toward the door screaming as a hail of arrows and swords narrowly miss her.
Cut to Leafa outside the gates, which slowly close as she lies on the ground, panting.
Leafa	*Out of breath* Alright. Back on your feet, soldier.
Leafa drops a Potion of Kirito's Remain Light and brings him back to life.
Leafa	*Sighs* What the heck were you thinking? Flying off by yourself. You think you're some badash motherfudger who can do everything on your-
Kirito kneels down to Leafa.
Kirito	Thank you... for... helping me out back there. There is... perhaps a chance, small as it may be, that I may have jumped the gun.
Leafa	You don't say!
Kirito	Yeah, yeah. I'm sorry I left you behind. Trust me. I am not gonna make that same mistake twice.
Leafa	Awesome. Good to hear. Now, I guess we should head back into town and-
Kirito stands up and walks towards the gates.
Kirito	Alright, let's get back in there.
Leafa	Wait, what?
Leafa gets up.
Leafa	Where are you going? I thought you learned your lesson!
Kirito	Well, yeah. Going in by myself was dumb, but it almost worked. If you and me try together, watching each other's backs, it'll be a snap.
Leafa	Awww... but no! That's still not gonna work! No one ever beats this thing because it always just spawns more guys! It's frickin' busted!
Kirito	Well, then we'll just have to be quick. Now come on. We don't have much-
Leafa runs over and hugs Kirito from behind.
Leafa	Please, stop! Just shut your face. I'm telling you the two of us aren't enough. You're just gonna keep getting hurt for no reason.
Kirito	She's in trouble... She needs my help...
Kirito grabs Leafa's hand.
Kirito	I have every reason...
Leafa	Gosh darn it, Kazuto! Why couldn't you ever fight for me this hard?!
Leafa gasps as she realizes what she just said and back away from Kirito. Kirito turns around.
Kirito	What did you just-
Kirito has a moment of realization.
Kirito	Sugu...?!
Leafa	Ohhh no. Oh no, no, no!
Kirito	Suguha? I-I-Is that you?!
Leafa	Uhhhh, no hablo nihongo!
Kirito	What?!
Leafa	BAIL! BAIL, BAIL, BAIL!!!
Leafa opens her menu.
Kirito	Suguha, wait!
Leafa logs out in a panic. Kirito sighs in frustration.
Cut to Suguha waking up in her room. She starts crying softly as she takes off her AmuSphere. Suddenly Kazuto knocks on the door, causing Suguha to gasp.
Kazuto	Hey... you, uh, in there?
Suguha	Go away!
Kazuto	Cool, cool...
Suguha curls up into a ball on her bed.
Kazuto	*Clears throat* So... this may come as a shock to you, but, uh... I've got a couple of questions rattling around the ol' dome... if you'll... indulge me. Like... what's going on here? Did you know it was me the entire time? And... since when do you even play video games? I thought you said that was, and I quote, "stupid nerd shit". Did- ...Did you go out and buy an AmuSphere just to fuck with me? You were at the hospital! You can't possibly still think she's not real! Was this all some... elaborate prank, or are you just so cruel that you can never let me be happy?! Do you really hate me that much?!
Suguha growls in frustration. She gets up and swings open the door, startling Kazuto.
Suguha	How could I hate you?! I don't-
Suguha's eyes well up.
Suguha	I don't even KNOW you anymore... You just left me. You left me all alone. We used to be best friends. I wanted to be just like you. So... when grandpa wanted to teach you kendo... it made me wanna learn too.
Kazuto	K-Kendo? What does kendo have to do with-
Suguha	Grandpa never wanted to train me. He was only ever interested in his grandson! So, when you got bored and ditched me to go work on your dumb computers, I had to "man up" FOR you!
Kazuto gasps.
Suguha	He did everything he could to get me to quit, to prove I wasn't "good enough", but I hung in there hoping you'd come back, so we could be like we were! I tried to make it seem fun, so you'd realize what you were missing, but you just shut me out! All you cared about were those stupid games!
Kazuto	H-Hey, come on. That's not fair. It was mom's idea to have me learn coding instead.
Suguha	OH, DON'T GIVE ME THAT BULLSHIT!!! You didn't even TRY to fight her on it! These last couple days, all I've seen you DO is fight for what you care about!
Tears start rolling down Suguha's face.
Suguha	*Crying* So, what...? Was it me? Was I just not worth the effort? We used to be so close, but maybe that was all in my head... *Sniffle* So how dare you accuse me of hating you when you CLEARLY never gave a shit about ME!!!
Kazuto looks away, ashamed. Suguha makes a confused gasp.
Kazuto	I... had no idea...
Suguha looks shocked, then lowers her head, sighing sadly.
Suguha	Just leave me alone... you've had enough practice...
Suguha closes the door, leaving Kazuto alone in the hallway.
